docs(process): update process document (#17581)
ionic-team/ionic: .github/PROCESS.md

- `master`: completed features, bug fixes, refactors, chores
- `stable`: the latest release

> The overall flow:

Reviewer: It seems a bit odd to have the flow summary start with "creating a release". Also this seems more of like an overview of the document than a flow?

1. A `release` branch is created from `master`
1. Feature, refactor, and bug fix branches are created from `master`
1. When a feature, refactor, or fix is complete it is merged into `master`
1. When the release branch is done it is merged into `master` and `stable`
1. If an issue in `stable` is detected a `hotfix` branch is created from `stable`
1. Once the `hotfix` is complete it is merged to both `master` and `stable`
1. All branches should follow the syntax of `{type}-{details}` where `{type}` is the type of branch (`hotfix`, `release`, or one of the [commit types](https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#commit-message-format)) and `{details}` is a few hyphen separated words explaining the branch

### Stable and Master Branches

#### Stable Branch

Branches created from `stable`:

> - A `hotfix` branch (e.g. `hotfix-missing-export`) should be the *only* branch that is created from stable and it gets merged back into both `master` and `stable` when complete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A `hotfix` branch (e.g. `hotfix-missing-export`) should be the *only* branch that is created from stable. This kind of branch gets merged back into both `master` and `stable` when complete
```

the wording seems a bit awkward

#### Master Branch

Branches created from `master`:

The following branches should be created from `master` and merged back to `master` via a pull request:

1. A feature branch (e.g. `feat-desktop-support`): an addition to the API that is not a bug fix or regression fix

> 1. A bug fix branch (e.g. `fix-tab-color`): a bug fix that is not fixing a regression or issue with a published release

Reviewer: Where do regressions fit into this? even if we found a regression like a week after a release, would that still be considered a hotfix?

Author: This is a good question. @jthoms1 what do you think? We have regressions from versions such as v3 - do those warrant a hotfix or is it just if it's breaking something?

Reviewer 2: I think this is up to the situation. I don't think we should prescribe a hotfix anytime there is a regression, just know that it is available if we need to use it.

Author: I have to agree with Josh on this. I think this should be up to our discretion. I don't think any regressions with known workarounds should be considered a hot fix, and should only contain critical bugs that got released recently. 

Also, the hotfix branch is off of stable and a bit higher in the process document: https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic/pull/17581/files#diff-e31f4b9b148fbe76300904f59f4aa33eR109

1. All other types listed in the [commit message types](https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#commit-message-format): `docs`, `style`, `refactor`, `perf`, `test`, `chore`

The following branch should be created from `master` and merged back to *both* `master` and `stable`:

1. A `release` branch (e.g. `release-4.1.x`): contains all fixes and (optionally) features that are tested and should go into the release

### Feature Branches

Each new feature should reside in its own branch, based on the `master` branch. When a feature is complete, it should go into a pull request that gets merged back into `master`. Features should never interact directly with `stable`.

### Release Branches

> Once `master` has acquired enough features for a release (or a predetermined release date is approaching), you fork a release branch off of `master`. Creating this branch starts the next release cycle, so no new features can be added after this point - only bug fixes, documentation generation, and other release-oriented tasks should go in this branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once `master` has acquired enough features for a release (or a predetermined release date is approaching), fork a release branch off of `master`. Creating this branch starts the next release cycle, so no new features can be added after this point - only bug fixes, documentation generation, and other release-oriented tasks should go in this branch.
```

> Once the release is ready to ship, it will get merged into `stable` and `master`, then the release branch will be deleted. It’s important to merge back into `master` because critical updates may have been added to the release branch and they need to be accessible to new features. This should be done in a pull request after review.

Reviewer: At what point do we publish to npm? is that covered somewhere else?

Reviewer: nvm I see it at the bottom. Maybe make a reference to this somewhere in here? (not required, just thought it might be nice to have)

1. Click **Merge pull request**. Use the dropdown to select this option if necessary.

    <img width="191" alt="Merge pull request button" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/236501/47032669-8be1b980-d138-11e8-9a90-d1518c223184.png">

## Releasing

1. Create the release branch from `master`, for example: `release-4.1.0`.
1. Submit a pull request to merge the release branch into `stable`.
1. Verify all tests are passing, fix any bugs if needed and make sure no undesired commits are in.
1. Navigate to the root of the repository.
1. Run `npm i` if it hasn't already been done.
1. Run `npm run release.prepare`
  - Select the version based on the type of commits and the [Ionic Versioning](https://ionicframework.com/docs/intro/versioning)

>   - After the process completes, verify the version number in all packages

Reviewer: Which "packages"?

  - Verify the changelog commits are accurate and follow the [proper format]((https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#commit-message-format))
  - Commit these changes with the version number as the message, e.g. `git commit -m "4.1.0"`
1. Run `npm run release`
1. Click **Merge pull request**. Use the dropdown to select this option if necessary. This will preserve the commit history from `master` by creating a merge commit.

    <img width="191" alt="Merge pull request button" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/236501/47032669-8be1b980-d138-11e8-9a90-d1518c223184.png">

> 1. Merge `stable` back into `master` to ensure any changes made on the release branch get added to future releases.

Reviewer: Previously it was stated that the `release` branch should be merged into both `stable` and `master` (https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic/pull/17581/files#diff-e31f4b9b148fbe76300904f59f4aa33eR118) but here it's saying to merge `release` into `stable`, and then `stable` into `master`. Which is the preferred approach?

1. Click **Merge pull request**. Use the dropdown to select this option if necessary.

    <img width="191" alt="Merge pull request button" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/236501/47032669-8be1b980-d138-11e8-9a90-d1518c223184.png">

## Releasing

1. Create the release branch from `master`, for example: `release-4.1.0`.
1. Submit a pull request to merge the release branch into `stable`.
1. Verify all tests are passing, fix any bugs if needed and make sure no undesired commits are in.
1. Navigate to the root of the repository.
1. Run `npm i` if it hasn't already been done.
1. Run `npm run release.prepare`
    - Select the version based on the type of commits and the [Ionic Versioning](https://ionicframework.com/docs/intro/versioning)
    - After the process completes, verify the version number in all packages (`core`, `docs`, `angular`)
    - Verify the changelog commits are accurate and follow the [proper format]((https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#commit-message-format))
    - Commit these changes with the version number as the message, e.g. `git commit -m "4.1.0"`
1. Run `npm run release`

> 1. Click **Merge pull request**. Use the dropdown to select this option if necessary. This will preserve the commit history from `master` by creating a merge commit.

Reviewer 3: Maybe mention `git push` is needed before this step

> 1. Click **Merge pull request**. Use the dropdown to select this option if necessary. This will preserve the commit history from `master` by creating a merge commit.

Reviewer 3: Pretty sure we want to squash release branches

    <img width="191" alt="Merge pull request button" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/236501/47032669-8be1b980-d138-11e8-9a90-d1518c223184.png">

> 1. Merge `stable` back into `master` to ensure any changes made on the release branch get added to future releases.

Reviewer 3: How?

Reviewer 2: I think this should say:

Merge the release branch back into `master` to ensure any changes made on the release branch get added to future releases.
